---
layout: post
title:  ""
excerpt: ""
date:   2023-06-05 10:00:00
categories: 
- Entrepreneurship
---

I'm obsessed with understanding my mind. 
Stick with me, sorry, I know that sounds so so dumb, but how could you not be obsessed with that? It has the most impact on your day to day experience, and you're the only expert on it. You can take off your t-shirt and give it to someone else to try on, and you can do that with ideas, but there's really no way for someone to get inside your brain. 
It's crucial to think the right thoughts. 
If you think the wrong thoughts, you could end up dead. 
Literally, that's just how it works. If you think the wrong thoughts, you'll kill yourself. 
And there's a whole spectrum in there of thoughts you can think. You could think somewhat bad thoughts and get laid off, or lose a partner, or be a bad friend. 
Or you could think thoughts that are pretty good, and then you go to the gym, have good hobbies and habits, attract someone, get married, have kids, raise your kids in a good way. 
So how do you make sure you are thinking thoughts that are good to think? 
Isn't that the whole reason why we read non-fiction books, watch ted talks, get advice?
Screw it, isn't that the whole reason we read fiction, watch shows, listen to music? We do those things so that we have thoughts that other people have already thought up and are like: "someone else is going to enjoy this." 
I'm afraid of this all sounds meta and overthinker-y. Maybe it is. But it also seems pretty core! Pretty foundational. And I don't have a good answer to the question: how do I know I'm thinking good thoughts? 
I would say that the main reason I do anything is to think better. If you count feelings in with thinkings. If you think (or feel) they are the same. It's just the tone, right? If you have a feeling, I mean, that's a thought, right? We can agree on that? I don't know if we can! Which is crazy! 

Okay - people are trying to get you to think a certian thought. That shit happens all the time. I'm trying to do it to you now, a little bit. I'm saying words, and I'm like, here have a look at it like this, and hoping you'll follow along. 
Anytime anyone is marketing something to you, they are really asking you to think a certain thought: 
"this course is going to be useful to me"
"This car is something I want"
"I could use that lotion"
"I'd be cooler in that dress"
Something like that, I mean, it depends a lot on the seller and sellie, but they're trying to convince you that something is valuable. And that's not just with products, it's also with ideas. I'm trying to convince you of a couple things: a) that these ideas are worth reading and b) that they're new to you or that you haven't (really) thought of it all this way before. 
Everyone's constantly playing a game of inception, and the subtext to every sentence is: "think about it like this."
You're thinking all the time. If you ask someone what they're thinking about, even if at the time, they weren't really using words to describe the way they were thinking to themselves, they could probably still tell you. What're you thinking right now?
"Oh I was just sort of… going through my day yesterday, wondering about what to eat for lunch"
"Mm not a ton: how to fix this bug at work"
"UGH I was thinking: I don't really work that hard, and I'm sort of a slob."
Meditation is a whole nother deal, No idea what's going on there to be honest. How can you not be thinking anything!? But most of the time, unless you're meditating, you're thinking of something in some way. So might as well think about how that happens. Because if you can figure out why you think certain things, or when you think certain things, then you might be able to think different things! Which is amzzing! Exciting! Could be a game changer!
You could choose to think, then. Or choose to feel. And that's like being in the Matrix.